Hello, friendship helpline. Who's calling please?
Hello, this is Ling Ling speaking.
Hi Ling Ling, how can I help you?
I have a problem with my best friend. She's cool.
No, don't tell me who she is. Tell me when the problem started.
Yes, well, we've been friends for five years. We got separated when we went to different schools last term, but we stayed in touch.
So could you explain what happened then?
This term, she came to study at my school. I was so happy at first, but she's so different.
Can you tell me how she's different?
She doesn't like me to see my other friends.
Could I ask if you've mentioned this to her?
Yes, but she refused to listen.
Okay, do you know why she treats you like that?
No, I don't know.
Maybe she doesn't feel very sure of herself in her new school.
Maybe.
Try to find out whether she feels lonely without you.
I'm sure she regrets hurting you.
So be patient with her, and explain to her that she can make friends with your other friends too.
Try to introduce her to them.
I see. I'll encourage her to join in more. Thanks.
No problem, Ling Ling. You're welcome.